a good morning makes a great day but
what makes a good morning a big serving
of hot tasty luscious french toast
that's it
french toast is easy to cook and there's
a load of recipes you can choose your
favorite one after you've tried them all
so let's start with the basics you'll
need a French baguette a loaf or any
white bread the important thing here is
that the bread should be dry soft fresh
bread will turn into mush when you dip
it into the mixture of eggs and milk you
can use stale bread or make some toast
in a toaster before cooking it the
recipe seems easy but you should be
careful not to ruin the French toast you
know they're well cooked if they're
golden brown and soft inside kitchen
utensils you'll need a toaster if you've
got only soft bread a ball for whisking
eggs and milk a wire whisk or a mixer a
nonstick frying pan if you don't have a
toaster and the bread is fresh don't
panic you can fry slices of bread on a
frying pan with a teaspoon of vegetable
oil or dry them a little in the oven you
can make french toast savory and have it
as a main dish or sweet and eat it for
dessert basic recipe for French toasts
ingredients four slices of dry white
bread 1 a 1/2 cup of milk 1 teaspoon of
sugar a pinch of salt a teaspoon of
butter for frying
optional one teaspoon of vanilla extract
1/2 teaspoon of cinnamon the cooking
method crack one egg mix it with the
sugar salt and cinnamon and whisk
slightly add vanilla extract and whisk
the mixture again you can finish
whisking when all the sugar dissolves
add the milk and give it a stir cut dry
bread into pieces no thicker than 1/2
inch
put them in a toaster if the bread is
soft dip the slices of bread into the
mixture so that they're coated with it
on both sides heat a nonstick frying pan
melt a teaspoon of butter and fry the
toast for one to two minutes on each
side on low heat they should get an even
golden brown color if the heat is too
high the toast can burn on the outside
and stay wet inside you can replace
regular sugar with powdered sugar which
will make the preparation of the egg
milk mixture quicker and easier you can
also replace milk with cream that'll
make the taste richer but add extra
calories to who's counting before
serving put the toast on a paper towel
to soak up the excess fat so now that
you've got the basics of french toast
cooking you can make the base recipe
more complex or improvise as you like
here are some ideas to make french toast
even tastier french toasts with an egg
this is an awesome idea for breakfast
for children the greatest thing about it
is that it will take you less than 10
minutes to cook it ingredients 4 slices
of dry white bread 5 eggs 1/4 cup of
milk a pinch of salt a teaspoon of
butter or vegetable oil for frying a
small pinch of black pepper tomatoes
cucumbers and fennel for decoration
cooking method crack one egg mix it with
salt and whisk slightly and milk and
give it a stir
cut round holes in the bread slices
using a glass you won't need the soft
parts of bread dip the slices of bread
into the mixture so that they're coated
with it and soaked a bit heat a nonstick
frying pan melt a teaspoon of butter or
a vegetable oil fry the bread slices
from one side on low heat for 1 to 2
minutes turn them upside down and crack
a raw egg into each hole cover the pan
with a lid and cook the toast for 5
minutes more serve hot decorated with
vegetables and fennel french toast with
bananas if you have a sweet tooth you'll
love this one
ingredients 5 slices of dry white bread
two eggs 1/4 cup of milk 2 bananas 3
teaspoons of sugar 3 tablespoons of
butter vegetable oil for flying juice of
one lemon a pinch of salt scoop of ice
cream or a sprig of mint for decoration
cooking method crack eggs mix them with
salt in one teaspoon of sugar whisk
slightly add the milk and give it a stir
cut the dry bread into slices and dip
them into the mixture so that they're
coated on both sides heat a nonstick
frying pan with vegetable oil fry toast
for one to two minutes on each side on a
low fire until they get an even golden
brown color take another frying pan and
melt the butter with sugar and lemon
juice keep the mixture on a low fire
until you have a light caramel cut
bananas into round slices and fry them
in the caramel once they're all ready
put them on the french toast and serve
at once you can decorate toast
with a scoop of ice cream or a sprig of
mint I'm voting for the ice cream french
toast with cheese ingredients four
slices of dry white bread 1 egg 1/3 cup
of milk 2 tablespoons of butter
vegetable oil for frying 5 ounces of
hard cheese a pinch of salt cooking
method crack eggs mix them with salt
whisk slightly add milk and give it a
stir
cut dry bread into slices and dip them
into the mixture until they're coated on
both sides heat a nonstick frying pan
with vegetable oil fry toast for one to
two minutes on each side over low heat
until they get an even golden brown
color turn toast upside down again
and put a slice of cheese on each of
them cook for 15 to 30 seconds more to
let the cheese melt slightly it's hard
to believe that cooking french toast was
once just a way to make stale bread seem
new again now it's a tasty dish that can
be cooked even if you're a first-timer
in the kitchen
no matter which french toast recipe you
choose remember it should be served hot
you can always shake up the tastes of
sweet toast with Jam ice cream different
berry sauces fruit pieces fresh or
stewed or mint leaves savory toasts can
be served with fennel parsley ham cheese
thin slices of meat and pretty much
anything you can find in the fridge
fresh toast is a tasty and simple dish
that'll make a perfect breakfast or
lunch let your imagination run wild and
see what kind of recipes you can create
on your own to enjoy with your family
now it's your turn which recipe will you
try first or maybe you already have your
signature recipe let me know all about
it in the comments hey if you learned
something new today then give this video
a like and share it with a friend
but don't go cooking toast just yet we
have over 2,000 cool videos for you to
check out just click on this left or
right video and enjoy stay on the bright
side of life